**Welcome to my SKO!**

The studio ‘A Slave to the Algorithm’ has been a class unlike any I had taken before! I have virtually met so many new people, and had the privelidge of being taught by Karen and Andy was great. Their passion really shines through the computer screen (which is saying something!), and reflects on all of us, the students.

The first reason it was unlike any other Studio I have taken is it being the first full semester of online learning, which was quite a challenge for me! I learn best when bouncing off of other people and their ideas, and being taught in person when I can discuss with the teachers directly. The lack of physical interaction this sem definitely reflected in my work, and meant I wasn’t completely comfortable using the program. In saying that, Karen and Andy put in the extra effort to try to counteract the difficulties that come with online learning. It definitely shone through every class, and in between when we all emailed with too many questions! 

Learning to use the coding platform p5.js was such a rewarding experience. Code is not something I ever thought I would learn (or need) to use, but I am so glad I have. The platform allows for so much freedom within design, and allows access to a whole new array of ways to express yourself as an artist. The essay I chose to depict is ‘Dispersion’ by Seth Price, where he discusses the ‘radically incomplete’ and sheltered art form of contemporary art. I chose this text because I thought p5.js was the perfect platform to research electronic literature in order to display Price's opinion. 

I have set up my SKO by week, above you will see folders labelled week 1 to week 12 in which I discuss what we did each week, what I learnt and my highs and lows. I show the p5.js sketches I was working on that week, and have supplied the links to view them for yourself. 

I have thoroughly enjoyed this course, and always love being taught by Karen and Andy. Although there were definitely some bumps in the road because of online learning and my lack of skills with technology, I am very proud to present this to you, and hope you enjoy my journey over the past 12 weeks! Click [here](https://github.com/rubybrown101/codewordsstudio/blob/master/SKO1/week1/README.md) to go thropugh to my week 1 review!
